The technology workshop organized by the
engineering faculty of Universidad
Desarrollo aims to reduce the
technological gap and increase the
capabilities of local industry. This will be achieved
through workshops that require no
prior experience. The workshops will be held in
person at the
technological exploration area of
Universidad Desarrollo in Concepción. The
next session will be on Thursday, March 17th,
where we will work on Elliott Wave and the Internet of
Things. The focus will be on
data collection using sensors and
wireless communication, all
using readily available software and hardware.
The university is honest, open, and
free, allowing the learning of
different cutting-edge technologies. If you are
interested in
technology and innovation, we
invite you to participate in these
opportunities where we can learn
together and improve technology in your
sector. Register at etc.@etc.cl or contact us at eldeseroad.cl